Backfill changelog (#127)
broadinstitute/gnomad-blog: content/changelog/2023-07-fix-coocurrence-table-datasets.md

---

> title: Fix coocurrence table rendering on v3 datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fix co-occurrence table rendering on v3 datasets
```
(unless you can't have hyphens here?)

date: "2023-07-18"
order: 1
---

> Previously, the variant coocurrence table on the gene page incorrectly rendered on v3 datasets. This was unintentional and misleading, as the analysis was not performed on v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the variant co-occurrence table on the gene page incorrectly rendered on v3 datasets. This was unintentional and misleading, as the analysis was not performed on v3.
```

> Now, the coocurrence table only renders on v2 datasets, as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, the co-occurrence table only renders on v2 datasets, as intended.
```
